Document form style-only Theme import requirements (#527)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/themes/getting_started.rst

**features**
    An array of strings that tells Mautic which features the Theme supports. Currently recognized values are:

    .. vale off

    * ``email`` - The Theme is compatible with the Email Builder. See :ref:`themes/getting_started:html/email.html.twig`.
    * ``form`` - The Theme is compatible with customizing Forms. See :ref:`themes/getting_started:html/form.html.twig`.

>     * ``page`` - The Theme is compatible with the Page Builder. See :ref:`themes/getting_started:html/page.html.twig`.

Reviewer: The links aren't rendered. The format is incorrect.

```suggestion
    * ``email`` - The Theme is compatible with the Email Builder. See :ref:`html/email.html.twig`.
    * ``form`` - The Theme is compatible with customizing Forms. See :ref:`html/form.html.twig`.
    * ``page`` - The Theme is compatible with the Page Builder. See :ref:`html/page.html.twig`.
```

>     You must have a corresponding ``html/[feature].html.twig`` file for each feature supported. For example, if the Theme supports ``email``, then there must be a ``html/email.html.twig`` file. See :ref:`themes/getting_started:Twig files` for more information on each feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You must have a corresponding ``html/[feature].html.twig`` file for each feature supported. For example, if the Theme supports ``email``, then there must be a ``html/email.html.twig`` file. See :ref:`Twig files` for more information on each feature.
```

    .. vale on

    .. note::

       .. vale off

>        **Form style-only Themes:** If a Theme declares the ``form`` feature and includes a Form style override file such as ``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/_style.html.twig`` or ``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/style.html.twig``, it doesn't require ``html/form.html.twig`` and ``html/message.html.twig``. This lets you create lightweight Themes that only customize Form styling without full template files. See :ref:`themes/forms:Customizing Forms` for more on Form style overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       **Form style-only Themes:** If a Theme declares the ``form`` feature and includes a Form style override file such as ``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/_style.html.twig`` or ``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/style.html.twig``, it doesn't require ``html/form.html.twig`` and ``html/message.html.twig``. This lets you create lightweight Themes that only customize Form styling without full template files. See :doc:`/themes/forms` for more on Form style overrides.
```

    ``page`` The Theme is compatible with the Page Builder. See :ref:`themes/getting_started:html/page.html.twig`.

    A corresponding ``html/[feature].html.twig`` file is required for each feature supported. For example, if the Theme supports ``email``, then there should be a ``html/email.html.twig`` file. See :ref:`themes/getting_started:Twig files` more information on each feature.

    .. note::

>         **Form style-only Themes:** If a Theme declares the ``form`` feature and includes a Form style override file (``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/_style.html.twig`` or ``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/style.html.twig``), ``html/form.html.twig`` and ``html/message.html.twig`` aren't required. This lets you create lightweight Themes that only customize Form styling without full template files. See :ref:`themes/forms:Customizing Forms` for more on Form style overrides.

Author: Added form style-only Theme documentation based on [PR #16257](https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16257) which modifies `ThemeHelper.php` to allow importing themes with only a form style override file (`html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/_style.html.twig` or `style.html.twig`) without requiring `html/message.html.twig` or `html/form.html.twig`.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16257

>         **Form style-only Themes:** If a Theme declares the ``form`` feature and includes a Form style override file (``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/_style.html.twig`` or ``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/style.html.twig``), ``html/form.html.twig`` and ``html/message.html.twig`` aren't required. This lets you create lightweight Themes that only customize Form styling without full template files. See :ref:`themes/forms:Customizing Forms` for more on Form style overrides.

Reviewer: We don't use parantheses. Use dash instead if necessary. Also, follow our style guide for the indentations and blank lines.

```suggestion
    .. note::
       
       **Form style-only Themes:** If a Theme declares the ``form`` feature and includes a Form style override file (``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/_style.html.twig`` or ``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/style.html.twig``), ``html/form.html.twig`` and ``html/message.html.twig`` aren't required. This lets you create lightweight Themes that only customize Form styling without full template files. See :ref:`themes/forms:Customizing Forms` for more on Form style overrides.
```

    ``page`` The Theme is compatible with the Page Builder. See :ref:`themes/getting_started:html/page.html.twig`.

    A corresponding ``html/[feature].html.twig`` file is required for each feature supported. For example, if the Theme supports ``email``, then there should be a ``html/email.html.twig`` file. See :ref:`themes/getting_started:Twig files` more information on each feature.

    .. note::

>        **Form style-only Themes:** If a Theme declares the ``form`` feature and includes a Form style override file (``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/_style.html.twig`` or ``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/style.html.twig``), ``html/form.html.twig`` and ``html/message.html.twig`` aren't required. This lets you create lightweight Themes that only customize Form styling without full template files. See :ref:`themes/forms:Customizing Forms` for more on Form style overrides.

Reviewer: There are a few things here:

- These whole things aren't rendered on the page. It's because the indentations are incorrect.
- The links aren't rendered because they're incorrect. We can use `:ref:` to reference them to the sections in this page.
- We might be able to use unordered list here for better read.
- Use active instead of passive voice.

```suggestion
**features**
    An array of strings that tells Mautic which features the Theme supports. Currently recognized values are:

    * ``email`` - The Theme is compatible with the Email Builder. See :ref:`html/email.html.twig`.
    * ``form`` - The Theme is compatible with the customizing Forms. See :ref:`html/form.html.twig`.
    * ``page`` - The Theme is compatible with the Page Builder. See :ref:`html/page.html.twig`.

    You must have a corresponding ``html/[feature].html.twig`` file for each feature supported. For example, if the Theme supports ``email``, then there should be a ``html/email.html.twig`` file. See :ref:`Twig files` for more information on each feature.

    .. note::
    
       .. vale off

       **Form style-only Themes:** If a Theme declares the ``form`` feature and includes a Form style override file such as``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/_style.html.twig`` or ``html/MauticFormBundle/Builder/style.html.twig``, it doesn't require ``html/form.html.twig`` and ``html/message.html.twig``. This lets you create lightweight Themes that only customize Form styling without full template files. See :doc:`themes/forms` for more on Form style overrides.
       
       .. vale on
```
